---
author: go/addison-feedback
date: 2022-01-20
styles:
  style: solarized-dark
---

# Discussion 0

Welcome, everyone!

This section is "minilecture-lite," meaning we will be
* spending less time reviewing the lecture, and
* moving that extra time towards problem-solving and gaining a deeper understanding for the material

Throughout the semester, I will _still_ be relecturing on material that I feel is particularly important! This means I will be telling you important things that you should write down.

Today:
* Introductions
  * Who am I?
  * Who are you?
  * 61A
* Lost on the Moon
* Secrets to Success

go/addison-disc0: **go.cs61a.org/addison-disc0**

---

# a bit about me

## logistics

* email: **addcninblue@berkeley.edu**
* drop-in meetings: go/addison-meeting
* office hours: Fridays 9-10

## about me!
* teaching
  * 5 semesters of 61a now (?)
  * new decal this semester
* hobbies
  * i love chill edm vibes (go.addcnin.blue/spotify:f)
  * i play a *little* league
  * i _love_ coffee! (ask me where my money goes and i'll point to this rabbit hole)
  * i really like building things (software/physical things, whatever)
  * i like photography, but i'm not a pro :^)
* my memory
  * yeah it's pretty bad
  * like really bad
  * so sorry in advance

---

# ok enough about me, icebreakers!
**BREAKOUT ROOMS**

* find one thing in common that both of you did over winter break. Points for creativity/uniqueness!
* then, when we come back, introduce _your partner_ and talk about the common thing you both did!

---

# Course Policies

* Lecture is webcasted (and will be live as well, hopefully!)
* Weekly homework, for __correctness__, with a _recovery policy_. [Policy here](https://cs61a.org/articles/about/#homework)
  * All problems correct for full credit (2 points)
  * Miss one problem for one point
  * Miss two problems for no points
* Weekly lab, for __correctness__. [Policy here](https://cs61a.org/articles/about/#labs)
* Note: no hidden test cases on either hw or lab!
* [Weekly discussion + lab](https://cs61a.org/articles/about/#lab-participation)
  * Going to 5 each gives full credit. (Going to 5 discussions and 5 labs are required. The rest are optional, but...)
  * Going to more helps you recover a poor midterm grade. The full formula is on the syllabus. [Policy here](https://cs61a.org/articles/about/#midterm-recovery)
* Four projects over the semester! (find a good partner!)
* Two midterms and one final
* Piazza is where you ask questions and get answers!
* Okpy is where you turn __all__ your work.

---

# Discussion Logistics

* Mini lecture (review of most important concepts)
* Worksheet + problems (thought-process oriented)
* Break (if time allows)
* Bonus problems (building intuition + problem-solving skills)

---

# Lab Logistics

* Mini lecture (review of most important concepts)
* Free breakout rooms to work with others on a specific problem

* This is a good time to hang out with other people in class :')
* Also consider these bonus office hours with me! Typically, we'll have a lot of time here for you to ask any of your questions. Historically, these have been good to give school/career advice.

---

# AMA! (ask me anything)

---

# Lost On the Moon

With your partner, rank the items from 1-15

---

# Calculate Your Scores

---

# Feedback

go/addison-feedback

(go.cs61a.org/addison-feedback)
